chore: add JS only higher order functions lab to frontend cert (#586)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: frontend-cert/js-projects/higher-order-functions/user-stories.md

You should have an array of objects named `books` where each object in the array should have a string `title`, another string `author_name`, and a number `release_year`.

> You should call the filter higher-order function on the `books` array with a callback to filter out books written after a certain year such as 1950 and save the filtered array in a new array named `filteredBooks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should call the `filter` higher-order function on the `books` array with a callback to filter out books written after a certain year such as 1950 and save the filtered array in a new array named `filteredBooks`.
```

> You should call the `sort` higher order function on the `filteredBooks` array to filter the books according to their `release_year` in ascending order and save the filtered array in a new array named `filteredBooksSorted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should call the `sort` higher order function by passing the `sortByYear` callback function on the `filteredBooks` array to sort the books according to their `release_year` in ascending order and save the sorted array in a new array named `filteredBooksSorted`.
```

The `sortByYear` function should return `0` for all other scenarios.

> You should have an array of objects named `books` where each object in the array should have a string `title`, another string `author_name`, and a number `release_year`.

Reviewer: Maybe we can mention that "You should add at least 3 items to your array".
